Add sca_exemption[transaction_risk_analysis] (#183)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: website/content/gateway/api_reference/resources/authorizations/authorizations.md

Conditional. Cannot be present if `series[type]` is present.
{{% /description_details %}}

{{% description_term %}}sca_exemption[transaction_risk_analysis] {{% regex %}}(true|false){{% /regex %}}{{% /description_term %}}

> {{% description_details %}}Whether or not to claim a Transaction Risk Analysis (TRA) SCA exemption.

Author: ```suggestion
{{% description_details %}}Whether or not to claim Transaction Risk Analysis (TRA) SCA exemption.
```

:man_shrugging:

Author: Alternative:

```suggestion
{{% description_details %}}Whether or not to request Transaction Risk Analysis (TRA) SCA exemption.
```

{{% /description_details %}}

> 

Reviewer: Is this the right place to place it? If we won't end up supporting many different sca exemption types I think so, but if we already know that we will end up with 3 or more I think we should create a section dedicated to sca exemptions.

Author: I lean towards making such "refactoring" when it is needed and not now.

I chose this place because the parameters appear to be in alphabetic order.
